
Cab Service Management
Requirements
. User registeration 
	The users are drivers and customers. Using an email id or phone number they can register.
	. Type of User
		Driver
		customer
	 If driver
		Name
		Gender
		Age
		email id
		mobile number
		driving license
		password
		confirm password
	If customer
		Name	
		email id
		mobile number
		password
		onfirm password
. otp verification for authentication 
	After the registeration, users must be verified using otp send to the given mail id or mobile number.
. Login for drivers and customers
	There should be different login for different users.
	email id
	password
. Forgot password
	There should be an option for reset the password, and the option for resetting password should sent via email or mobile number given.
email id
. User guide 
	User guide should include how to use the application
. Different user accounts for different customers
	There should be different type of accounts for customers and drivers.

For customers
Home page 
	When a customers logins to the application, home page of the customer is loaded.
	It includes,
.Customer profile
		It contains the basic details of the customer like name, age, gender, email id.
. Google map service 
	Google map service can be used to know on which route have the cab facility.
. Booking
	In the booking option the available route should given, customer can select any of it. After that the available time should given and customer can able to book the cab if it is available in the given time. In case of auto and car, sharing option is available, so that the cost also can be shared.
	Type of cab
		autorikshaw
			number of people
			share
		car
			AC
			Non AC
			number of people
			share
		Traveller
			AC
			Non AC
			number of people
	Date
	Number of days
	Time
	Place
		From
		To
. Live map service 
	Live traking can help the customers to track their route easily. ie, in which route the cab is currently moving
. Cancel Booking
	Once a customers book the cab, they might not able to use is. So there should be a cancel booking option. And it should only enabled after the booking of a ride.
	Cancel booking
		Reason
. Payment
	There should be online payment and cash in hand payment option.
		Online payment
			Credit card
			Debit card
		Cash in hand
. Rating 
	The customers can rate the ride based on their experience.
	Rate the ride
. Feedback
	Customers can give feedback about each ride and the corresponding drivers should able to see it and give reply to it.
	Feedback
. Notification
	There should be an option for notification that helps the customers get notified about the ride .	
. View booking 
	This should contains the previous booking history of the customer
	Ride details
.SOS
	There should be a safty button. In case any accident or something happens a message will automativcaly send to higher authority like police.
. Search
	There shouls be search button for search cab using names, type of vehicle or type of driver.
For drivers
Home page
	When a drivers logins to the application, home page of the driver is loaded.
	It includes,
. View Bookings
	The drivers sholud able to see who all booked their services. It should include the place,date, time, number of days, paid or not.
	Booking information
. Add cab
	Drivers should able to add their cab details so that customers can use it's service. And there should be different types of vehicle like autorikshaw, car, traveller, etc.In case of autorikshaw and car pooling option is availabe. when anyone is intrested in sharing the cab it will shown available and when each customer book the number of availabe seat will decrease.  And it must include saftey precuations customers should taken before the ride.
	Type of the vehicle
		model
		Colour
		Images
	Saftey precuations to be taken
. Add ride
	Drivers should able to add ride by giving the time of take of and giving the route stops and the estimated rate at each stop. Driver should able to give the limit of people that they can accomodate in the cab.
	Type of cab
	from place
	to place
	Date
	Time
	Maximum number of people
	Estimated rate 
. View feedback and rating
	Driver should able to see the rating and feedback that customers given to them and they should able to reply and like the feedback.
. Driving history
	It should contain the previous driving history of the driver.
 
	